docs: add a brief introduction in README (#83)
oras-project/oras-credentials-go: README.md

<a href="https://oras.land/"><img src="https://oras.land/img/oras.svg" alt="banner" width="100px"></a>
</p>

> `oras-credentials-go` is a credential management library designed for [`oras-go`](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-go). It supports reading, saving, and removing credentials from Docker configuration files and external credential stores that follow the [Docker credential helper protocol](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/login/#credential-helper-protocol). It does not handle credential encryption and decryption.

Reviewer: The sentence
> It does not handle credential encryption and decryption

is bit confusing. Rewording requested.

Author: Could you elaborate a bit on the confusing part?

Author: Let's just remove this sentence then.

> `oras-credentials-go` is a credential management library designed for [`oras-go`](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-go). It supports reading, saving, and removing credentials from Docker configuration files and external credential stores that follow the [Docker credential helper protocol](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/login/#credential-helper-protocol), while not handling credential encryption and decryption. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`oras-credentials-go` is a credential management library designed for [`oras-go`](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-go). It supports reading, saving, and removing credentials from Docker configuration files and external credential stores that follow the [Docker credential helper protocol](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/login/#credential-helper-protocol). It does not handle credential encryption and decryption. 
```

Author: @TerryHowe Thanks for the suggestion! Updated.

> Once stable, this library will be merged into `oras-go`. (See [discussion](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-credentials-go/discussions/80))

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once it has a fairly stable version, this library will be merged into `oras-go`. (See [discussion](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-credentials-go/discussions/80))
```

Reviewer 3: In general, `Stable` means v1.0.0 but oras-credential-go will only cut a pre-release (v1.0.0-rc.1)

Author: How about 
> Once it reaches a fairly stable version (e.g. `v1.0.0-rc.1`), this library will be merged into `oras-go`?

> Once stable, this library will be merged into `oras-go`. (See [discussion](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-credentials-go/discussions/80))

Reviewer: and... later, this repo will be archived.
